1) What are the default Bootstrap text settings?
	-Bootstrap 4 uses a default font-size of 16px, and its line-height is 1.5. 
	 The default font-family is "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif. 

2) What do you know about the Bootstrap Grid System?
	-Bootstrap's grid system uses a series of containers, rows, and columns to layout and align content. 
	 It's built with flexbox and is fully responsive. 
	 Below is an example and an in-depth look at how the grid comes together.

3) What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5
	-The form elements in Bootstrap 4 have defaulted to the browser-provided view.
	 However, in Bootstrap 5, the form elements have a custom design that enables them to have a consistent look and feel in all browsers.
	 The new form controls are based on completely semantic, standard form controls. This helps developers to avoid adding extra markups for form           controls.

4) What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group? 
	-Button groups allow multiple buttons to be stacked together on a single line. This is useful when you want to place items like alignment buttons together. 
	 You can add on optional JavaScript radio and checkbox style behavior with Bootstrap Button Plugin.

5) How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails?
	-This chapter discusses about Bootstrap thumbnails. A lot of sites need a way to lay out images, videos, text, etc, in a grid, and Bootstrap has an easy way to do this with thumbnails. To create thumbnails using Bootstrap −
	 Add an <a> tag with the class of .thumbnail around an image.
	 This adds four pixels of padding and a gray border.
	 On hover, an animated glow outlines the image.
	
6) In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox?
	-Flexbox is used to quickly manage the layout, alignment and sizing of grid columns, navigation, components, and more with a full suite of responsive flexbox utilities. 

7) How can one create an alert in Bootstrap?
	-Add the .alert-link class to any links inside the alert box to create "matching colored links":
	Success! You should read this message.
	Info! You should read this message.
	Warning! You should read this message.
	Danger! You should read this message.
	Primary! You should read this message.
	Secondary!
	Dark!
	Light!

8) What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one?
	-A card is a flexible and extensible content container. It includes options for headers and footers, a wide variety of content, contextual background colors, and powerful display options. 
	If you're familiar with Bootstrap 3, cards replace our old panels, wells, and thumbnails.